Braxton you had to run around it black
jersey all day when you feel like you
perform pretty good you know still got
working a little things watch the film
fixing mistakes how can find were you I
guess not being to do your thing for
Frank oh this you know there's meant to
pass you know just get the guys open
playmakers get the ball in their hands
and you know get the guys better where's
one place you know you've improved from
the beginning of spring until now uh
displacement of all words need to be
placed you know this uh yeah someone
like yeah it's hard to defend yeah bill
adults washing those Benson
out what are you going for your team and
not
you know no expansion uh in Adolphus
they they work hard you know they got
feel big shoes from the guise of you
like from last year and you know he's
got keep working with the two top was
that's that's why I'm for the position
you know I'm just gonna keep him talk
about the touchdown to the philly what
did you see on that play look like he
got open there in the right corner of
the end zone and she said put her on the
back shoulders at the play no is it
depends on how the corner defends it you
know if he's on top I'm not hitting with
the back shoulder throw and we worked
out all the time so weird up pretty good
awesome rest of you more confident as a
passer than maybe you were at the end of
last season oh yeah definitely what why
is that oh there's no this no one to
play how to play develop and were two
guys don't be you're not gonna just move
around a pocket there's nowhere two guys
on be much better you guys were a year
ago go back to last spring last four
where you guys are not just compare and
contrast where you guys were a year
I say guys last sure dudes is going out
there and this uh hoping that you get
open because you know is this tough with
the new transition with the new offense
what dishes is this is night and day
last two questions Joe / excellent if
you talk to us about that Monsieur
Blaine oh yeah I like it like it like so
as a pleasure and honor and discipline
it Doug have you sacked by like five
times by those guys how many does would
have been legitimate sex look at the
lane and could you address I don't think
any was that you got your new her
hairstyle there I don't know how many
was him sex cuz you know date they bowed
was a quick you know this is this is
growing out so i hain't i'll be here
forever yeah all right wrexham thank you
very yeah no doubt no